# healthspan
HealthSpan is a medical records application that would be used by service providers and patients alike. Medical providers would be able to record and recall medical information of future, current, or past patients, in order to have a better flow of information between providers. Patients would be able to add notes to their records, as well as see prior medical history for their own knowledge.
Information that could be found on HealthSpan includes current and past illnesses, prior or scheduled surgeries, family health history, and any issues providers may have. Patients would be able to update their portal, which would then become available to providers immediately.
These records would help providers of any service access any medical record they would need for a patient. The idea is for, for example, a chiropractor to have access to their patient's information, add that they had a session, and then it be made available to the patient's personal care provider for the patient's next appointment. If the patient had a dental appointment that may have uncovered some other health issues, any service the patient needed would have access to this information.

Future necessities and additions:
HealthSpan has several basic aspects to the home page, like a Health Tip of the Day, and a News Ticker. These two would be connected to API calls, giving the user a health tip each time they visited the site, or showing the user current medical news they made be interested in.
A patient portal and registration page need to be added. This will give the patient a chance to register, add medical information, add any notes they'd like providers to see, and have access to their records for personal use.
The provider portal should give providers the ability to put in their own information, so that users may be able to search for them or new providers, as well as the facilities they use. This would include a map for patients.
Databases need to be created and connected to house medical information, provider information, and any patient input so that everything can be accessed easily. All this would be securely protected to prevent any data breaches that will be harmful for any user.